[ENH] Clearer DOCs for session and participant IDs (#226)
neurobagel/documentation: docs/data_prep.md

    clinical/behavioural, cognitive, or other non-imaging-derived data of participants
    which are typically stored in a tabular file format.

## General requirements for the phenotypic TSV

### All datasets

A valid dataset for Neurobagel **MUST** include a TSV file that describes participant attributes.

The TSV MUST contain:

- A minimum of two columns
- At least one column containing subject IDs

    ??? note "Only one subject ID column can be annotated"
        Neurobagel currently does not support annotating multiple subject ID columns
        so you must choose one as the primary ID during annotation

- At least one column that describes demographic or other phenotypic information
- Unique values in the subject ID column or unique combinations of IDs if both subject and session ID columns are present

The TSV MAY contain:

- A column with session IDs, e.g. if the dataset is longitudinal
  
    ??? note "Only one session ID column can be annotated"
        Neurobagel currently does not support annotating multiple session ID columns
        so you must choose one as the primary ID during annotation

The TSV MUST **NOT** contain:

> - Missing values in the subject ID and session ID (if available) columns

Reviewer: Should we add this clarification here for datasets w/ multiple ID columns where some may have missing values?

```suggestion
- Missing values in the columns you plan to annotate as containing the primary subject IDs and session IDs (if available)
```

Not sure if that helps - feel free to ignore if you think so.

### All datasets

A valid dataset for Neurobagel **MUST** include a TSV file that describes participant attributes.

> The TSV: 

Author: The issue is that there is an order to the requirements. I.e. I first have to say "you may have a session" for the "your session must have unique values" and so on. So in practice it'd look more like 

```
MUST
- ...
- ...

MAY
- ...

MUST
- ...
- ...
```
Not sure that fits nicely here

> The TSV: 

Author: @alyssadai I'll leave this comment open for you to take a look. If you want to suggest a version that does the keyword section split and is more readable, I'll add it. Otherwise I'd say let's merge now and make it better later.

> The TSV: 

Reviewer: I think there is a way to phrase it that still allows keeping all the MUST / MAY statements together. E.g., for the ID columns bullets, I would just suggest:

```
The TSV MUST contain:
- A minimum of two columns
- At least one column containing subject IDs
- At least one column that describes demographic or other phenotypic information
- Unique values in the subject ID column or unique combinations of IDs if both subject and session ID columns are present

The TSV MAY contain:
- A column with session IDs, e.g. if the dataset is longitudinal

The TSV MUST NOT contain:
- Missing values in the subject ID and session ID (if available) columns
```

or something like that. I don't think it's necessary to have the MAY interspersed among the MUST

- All BIDS subjects are included in the phenotypic TSV, 
  even if they only have BIDS imaging information. 
  Neurobagel does not allow for datasets where subjects have BIDS 
  data but are not represented in the phenotypic TSV 
  (however, subjects who have phenotypic data but no BIDS data are allowed).
- If the dataset is longitudinal, the session IDs in the phenotypic TSV 
  MAY match the session IDs in the BIDS dataset, but don't have to. 
  If matching session IDs are present in the phenotypic TSV and the BIDS dataset, neurobagel will interpret
  this to mean that the phenotypic data is associated with the corresponding BIDS session.

>   If phenotypic and BIDS session IDs do not match, Neurobagel will treat them as distinct sessions.

Author: Good point. Let's remove it here

The only requirement is that **the combination of all ID values for a row is unique**.

!!! Warning "Neurobagel currently supports only one subject ID and one session ID"

>     Neurobagel does not support multiple subject or session IDs in the same TSV file. 
>     If you have multiple subject or session IDs, you must choose one to use as the primary ID 
>     and include the others as additional columns.

Reviewer: Clarifying that the TSV itself can still have >1 subject/session ID column (to avoid the impression that users necessarily have to create a whole new TSV in these cases):
```suggestion
    Neurobagel currently does not support annotating multiple subject or session ID columns in the same TSV file. 
    If you have multiple subject or session IDs, you must choose one to use as the primary ID.
    Additional subject/session ID columns can still be included in the TSV but will be ignored by Neurobagel.
```
